README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Faisal! 👋

---

### 👨‍💻: About Me :

I am a Full Stack Flutter Developer <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> from Germany.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

---

### :fire: My Stats :
[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=FaisalMohammadi&theme=deuteranopia-friendly-theme)](https://git.io/streak-stats)


[![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)](https://flutter.dev/?gclsrc=aw.ds&gclsrc=ds&gclsrc=aw.ds)
[![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)](https://dart.dev/)
[![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/)
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/)
[![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/)
[![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230047B3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)](https://bitbucket.org/)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)](https://firebase.google.com/)
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://www.android.com/intl/de_de/)
[![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ios&logoColor=white)](https://www.apple.com/de/ios)
[![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)](https://jwt.io/)
[![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/)
[![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white)](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)
[![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)](https://swagger.io/)
[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://www.postman.com/)
[![Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/google-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.de/)

Commit message:

added title to the languages and tools and replaced it to the top of stats chart

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Faisal! 👋

---

### 👨‍💻: About Me :

I am a Full Stack Flutter Developer <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> from Germany.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

---

### :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools I Use :
[![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)](https://flutter.dev/?gclsrc=aw.ds&gclsrc=ds&gclsrc=aw.ds)
[![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)](https://dart.dev/)
[![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/)
[![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/)
[![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/)
[![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230047B3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)](https://bitbucket.org/)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)](https://firebase.google.com/)
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://www.android.com/intl/de_de/)
[![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ios&logoColor=white)](https://www.apple.com/de/ios)
[![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)](https://jwt.io/)
[![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/)
[![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white)](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)
[![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)](https://swagger.io/)
[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://www.postman.com/)
[![Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/google-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white)](https://www.google.de/)

---

### :fire: My Stats :
[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=FaisalMohammadi&theme=deuteranopia-friendly-theme)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
